[Applause]
thank you for coming now before we begin
and I'm very excited that you're here
but would you do me would you indulge me
and say hello to my little friend oh yes
we're excited that you're I know you
rarely do this and I know you're
uncomfortable with this sort oh yes so I
very much appreciate your being here I
really do I'm very I'm very happy to be
here as a pleasure really
I had the honor and pleasure of having a
meal with you and every story you told
was just great
so tell those will you well I'm good in
restaurant are you do we get some food
would that help you are the as I
mentioned this is your ninth Oscar
nomination do you still is it still
rewarding exciting any of those things
oh yeah yeah so you know it's it really
is you say I you know but nowadays they
have the the the preamble to the Oscars
yes a lot of award shows so you get used
to it kind of thing but nothing is like
the Oscar you know it's the Oscars is
the big ones the big ones you you wonder
about it and so you get a sense of
what's going on in some of the
candidates and some of the actors who
would be a participate in it but you're
not really ever really prepared like I
didn't really think I was gonna get a
nomination do you feel like it's bad
luck to think you're going to get a
nomination yes yes have you ever thought
like oh I'm gonna get nominated for this
I really think I am and then you then
you weren't yes yes that has happened to
you and that's disappointing
that's disappointment and try to avoid
that you try to avoid that and as far as
going to the Oscars your first Oscars
when was your first Oscar ceremony well
I know it was for the Godfather the
first Godfather one
but I was unable to go mhm
for the reasons I can't really remember
what could have been the reason I
couldn't go because I was a on stage in
Boston but I really should have found a
way to go yeah but I made a mistake
yeah and I was young and kind of you
know crazy uh-huh
but then I did go the next time I got
nominated and that was for what sir goat
I believe it was Serpico yeah I mean I
was in Dominican Republic doing a movie
No Godfather - actually we're filming oh
wow and it was really a surprise you
know when you're when you're in LA a lot
you you sort of the preamble to it
you're around you know it's in the air
about Oscars in and so you you get a
little you know you but when it's out of
the blue like if you're in New York in
the old days you you find that you got
nominated for an Oscar it was you think
the person was kidding you you know yeah
especially if you're another country
another time zone all that and
especially if you're going through I was
going to a bit of a dark time oh you
were yeah oh really
borderline breakdown but Elaine make it
or not make it
during the Godfather - yeah I wasn't
very happy well it's a difficult role
and you have to sort of get into it I
was having a little trouble oh wow when
you say make it or not make it do you
mean it from a career standpoint or
don't a role it's on the role itself as
I say role you know it ended and and
trying to get there and stuff sometimes
they can be difficult and trying and and
make you and concern you about certain
things yeah you definitely got there oh
yeah
[Applause]
but I must say when I heard that I won
the Oscar I had when they asked you know
God forbid I I was nominated right and I
went into the bar and I got applauded it
if people start applauding me I thought
well that's her first yeah and actually
he I was I was they telling you're
nominated for an Oscar and it was
shocking but at the same time it did
lift my spirits Oh
so you feel like that getting nominated
may have pulled me out of a fog pulled
me out of a fun yeah I recommend it to
make a great medication commercial yeah
and then as far as going to the Oscars
that was what year that you went to the
Oscars for the first time I went to its
first difficult yeah because they had
made it with the my manager at that time
in the in the producer the great Marty
Bregman who's passed on and he was very
close to me I was probably one of the
main reasons I'm here today really
because of him because mm-hmm and so I
thought I should be that my great friend
and mentor Charlie Lawton who's also
gone now but he was in the audience they
were in the audience I thought I should
go there you know yeah
in the remote chance that I would that I
would get an Oscar I had no belief that
I would get it honestly I really didn't
so that was alright I went anyway and i
sat there I didn't have a speech which
is if you really don't think you're
gonna get the Oscar you don't write a
speech I recommend you do though but
it's interesting time I you know your
Flash on the on the past like that
especially in Oscars some substantial an
event for an actor yeah so you're there
and and you're you you know yeah you're
thinking about it I'm sitting there and
it it wasn't at all like you expect wait
tonight this is not what I expect that
that screen there's little scary where
you told people you didn't know these
people would be here right yeah I heard
people I said yes okay good I'm glad
glad we're out there tonight
what so I went and I had sat there in
this big event and I was with a friend
and I had a few things you know I'm I
was you know I was not completely myself
I see okay
everything is tolerable first calm down
and enjoying the show I turn to Jeff
Bridges in the strangest way he was just
sitting there because he was also
nominated a hottie and I said hi because
I didn't know him so I knew he was Jeff
Bridges but I never met him I said hi he
said yes hi okay he hasn't seen my film
but I look at him and I said I don't
think they're gonna get to the Best
Actor category so he looked at me and he
said what do you mean I said
well it's an hour and it's over and they
didn't get to that category
he gave me a look to this day I'll never
forget it
like where do you come from who are you
and I just looked at him and he said
it's three hours that collapsed me yeah
what am I gonna do for the next evil
Jeff Bridges if you're so high that Jeff
Bridges has to tell you yeah I did get
high
Al Pacino is here his movie is this is
an example of a personal vendetta
against my client against his family by
a frustrated Justice Department and the
Attorney General Robert Kennedy
[Applause]
[Music]
Johnny mean if there's like a pill
pellet or something I didn't feel it I
just felt a little impact like I was
shot many more to be begun suddenly
didn't even later but I charged him I
charged them in so did Chuck if you
notice they taught him well the charger
guy always charged a guy with a gun with
a knife you run away run away for the
night so you're charged with a gun what
did I it's so great to see you guys
together again and that defect that they
did were they they they made you like 40
years younger was that unusual for you
was it seemed I mean was that weird to
look at over 40 years I think so I
didn't they I mean what do okay
no it was it wasn't weird as as much as
it it's you get used to it
you know but but you're filming and they
have a little what's the guy from Star
Wars Artie r2d2 r2d2 and it's r2d2 is
always by the camera always there really
so you just get to know him you see I
think whatever they they put a lot of
dots on you
uh-huh and then they shoot you have
three cameras a computer that has three
lenses on it plus there's another camera
and it's fine after a while you know
it's funny you get into the story and
the dialogue and the relationship with
the other actors and it it's you get
used to it's just I mean really I mean
it's so high-tech and yet it's a photo
you and Robert De Niro working together
and there was a height difference
between the characters so the they spent
I don't know millions that's sort of
fair
and like $80 on his on his shoes to make
him taller it really it's like a Herman
Munster biopic or something before I
left mine backstage
tell me about hunters this is a
television show which is a rare
occurrence for you about Nazi hunters
yeah a David while wrote it Andy yeah oh
he was inspired by that idea and he
wrote this I think magnificent script I
know David I didn't even know he's very
a very sweet guy and he's a real artist
really is good and nobody hunts Nazis
like David I don't know well yeah so
this afternoon we set Guillermo out onto
Hollywood Boulevard with the sign and
the sign as you can see says do you have
a question for Al Pacino and so so many
people had questions and we we whittled
that down and now Guillermo is outside
again with some of the people now these
are real people that were wandering by
and this year what is your name my name
is Carrie hi Carrie now did you put that
shirt on
especially for this total coincidence
this is a coincidence that Carrie is
wearing you on her shirt seriously well
of course I can't even see Carrie sure
yeah well um do you get paid for those
all these posters Scarface things I hope
so what is your question
my question for Al is who would you
rather do business with Tony Montana or
Michael Corleone oh that's so
interesting yeah I take Tony any day
okay well there you go Carrie it's Tony
as the answer Wow
all right let's see who loves me
and what is your name hi my name is
Robert hi Robert were you from Long
Island New York
say hello to Al Pacino hello al all
right Robert what do you like what would
you like to ask al I'd like to ask al
what does Robert De Niro smell like
that's a good question
well I had a cold I don't know really I
can't recollect that I have I never I
never smelled him I I should have
thought of him
yeah I hung him a lot too yeah smells
fresh well maybe not too crazy see him
at the Oscars give him a sniff well he
saw our smells like Jimmy I actually
pride myself on smelling like Robert De
Niro it's my thing and we have one more
question hi what's your name hi my
name's Winn when were you from I'm from
the Bay Area
Wow do you have like any of you ever
like a lose in the family or is it just
you Rob Rob yes all right Winn what
would you like to ask ow I'd love to
know who is the best kisser you've ever
kissed from any of the movies or shows
you've started oh that is a good
question what a very difficult question
is it that's a good question yeah I
haven't kissed Betty and I I guess I
kissed Michelle Pfeiffer
this Tara but I have to really think
about it but she's the one that comes to
mind because I did two chills with her
kiss Adam Sandler in that movie we're
together he's turning out to be such a
great actor he is agree yeah all right
well I think you had the best question
when you win okay where did she go yes
yes you win all right
Guillermo you stay out there cuz I'm a
little bit upset with you okay all right
whatever you say he's going to dinner
without me tonight I wasn't even invited
yeah he's out there with
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel give back this
holiday season
buy my new book the serious goose I
wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a bunch